Previously on
"Tyrant"
- (Nusrat gasps)
- The baby didn't make it,
and we had to perform
a hysterectomy.
No more children.
(Leila) The people of
Abuddin need an heir.
You'll tell him
you want the marriage annulled.
You have to trust someone
on the ground inside Ma'an.
Right now,
you have no one.
I want to trust you,
but I need
something reliable.
A Caliphate target.
Abu Omar is arresting
five families.
Christian and other minorities
he thinks are supporting you.
- When's it happening?
- Tonight.
I put my neck on the line
to get you on this.
(explosion, fire whooshing)
(Barry) He's alive.
(Rami) Khalil...
he's the break
we've been waiting for.
Before I involved you,
I had to test him.
That decision was mine,
not yours.
This man, Khalil... I want
to talk to him myself.
I mean, I can't.
Why? Move on.
(Sammy) There's a man
inside Ma'an
who's fighting
the Caliphate,
and I'm giving him
my money.
(Sammy gasps)
(crickets chirping)
(ringtone playing)
(gasps)
Sammy?
(Barry) Molly...
it's Barry.
It's me, Molly.
It's Barry.
No.
That's not possible.
Molly...
- (Molly shivering)
- Molly, I need to talk to you.
There are things
I need to tell you.
Molly, you there?
Molly?
(gasps)
(sobbing)
(TV playing quietly)
(hinges squeaking)
Good morning.
I'm worried about you, Jamal.
You never came to bed
last night.
(groans)
Did I tell you
the sheik told me
the real threat...
the poison...
was inside the palace?
I don't know
what you're talking about,
and I'm not sure you know
what you're talking about.
(clears throat) Rami, my son...
he had the chance to destroy
the Caliphate leadership,
but he didn't take it.
Could be him.
That son of yours
is a professional.
You wanted him here.
He is here to help you.
He is sneaking around
like Tariq.
He's not telling me things.
I can't have it.
Not again.
(hinges squeaking)
(water splashing)
(Ahmed) Pick a country.
What are you talking about?
Ah, pick a country,
any country,
any spot on Earth,
and we'll go.
For two weeks, a month,
as long as it takes
to heal.
To smile.
Just the two of us.
Ahmed, that's not
going to happen.
I know there's a war,
but I have great faith
in my stepbrother.
He'll wrap this up quickly,
and as soon as it's done...
(sniffs)
we should go someplace.
Ahmed, we need to get
our marriage annulled.
(clears throat)
What are you talking about?
I can't have a baby.
And you have
to have a baby.
No.
I don't have
to have anything.
I have to take care of you.
That's the only thing
I have to have.
You're not being
honest with yourself.
You need to find someone
who can give you a child.
But we love each other,
and I don't care
if I have a child,
as long as I have you.
- But your parents.
- What are they going to do?
Disown me?
- They might.
- Then let them.
I'll get a job.
I'll find a way
to support us.
I love you.
And I'm willing
to fight for you.
I don't want you
to fight for me.
I just...
I just want it to be over.
Really.
(Rami) In three nights time,
the meteorological service
is predicting a likely
sandstorm in Ma'an.
It will provide
perfect cover for us.
Planes cannot take off
or land.
Cars and tanks
are largely crippled.
(Rami) Based
on the current
weather models,
the storm is likely to last
- two to three hours.
- Mm.
In those two
to three hours,
if we can take out
the Caliphate's
antiaircraft capability,
the second the storm lifts,
we can fly in troops
and equipment
and commence bombing runs
to support our ground forces.
Now...
given the size
of the force
that Solomon and I
have assembled,
Ma'an should be ours
within a week.
Well, excellent.
Hopefully, God is on our side
once again.
Brilliant.
The key to this, of course,
is getting Khalil and his
Red Hand Brigade on board.
They're already in Ma'an,
and they're the logical choice
to take out the antiaircraft
guns during the storm.
So if you just share
his number with me,
I'll give him a call.
Share his number?
(chuckles)
- Is something wrong, Mr. President?
- Yes.
Lately, when I leave planning
to others,
things go badly.
I and only I will speak
to Khalil.
Don't look so sad.
If it's God's will,
it will happen.
(insects buzzing)
(indistinct chattering)
(woman crying softly)
(Ihab) Praise to God
that you did not get hurt
too badly yesterday.
So many of your comrades
lost their lives.
You must feel blessed.
Huh?
(whispers) Yeah.
Tell me, to what, uh,
do you think you owe
this great good luck?
Timing, I guess.
Timing?
Timing, yes.
(people chat indistinctly in background)
Timing is everything.
Well, timing and information.
Knowing what is going to happen
before it happens.
That is... That is
the ultimate good luck.
Isn't it?
So, you helped, uh,
with the mission yesterday.
So you knew which families,
which houses,
were going to be visited
and at what time.
Apparently, so did
the Red Hand.
Apparently?
- I don't...
- The night...
that my wife
was murdered,
(clicks lips) your father's
youngest wife escaped.
You knew where
they were being held.
You also knew
that no one else was there,
and apparently
so did the Red Hand.
Oh, no, no, no,
no, no, no.
Everyone knew
she was at Abu Omar's.
Hmm.
Everyone knew
his brother was visiting
and you would all be at
a huge dinner in his honor.
Hmm.
Everyone knew that.
The night the Red Hand
invaded our prisons,
how did they know
how to get in?
How did they know
how to get out?
I... I have no idea.
I don't know. I...
Maybe, maybe...
someone had a relative...
perhaps a brother...
who worked at the prison
and could offer insight
into vulnerabilities
and such.
(gulps) No.
No.
I would never ask my
brother such a thing.
Mm-hmm.
And he would never...
(sighs)
He would never... what?
(cell phone clatters)
(low hum of chat)
(door opens)
(James exhales deeply)
Good morning.
Hey.
(smooches)
(utensils click in background)
Have you been smoking?
(sighs)
Did you get word
from Sammy?
Uh, yeah, I did.
He's still in Ma'an,
staying in Ma'an.
He's decided to fight
with the resistance.
That's crazy.
You must be
out of your mind with worry.
Why didn't you wake me?
No, it's fine.
I'm fine.
I'm...
I'm calling
the State Department.
They can't do anything.
They won't do anything.
They can't do anything,
James.
Besides, I think
you should pack.
You're not serious.
W... We're not...
We're not actually leaving?
No, not me.
But I think you should.
No.
I mean,
not if you're still here.
Not if Sammy's
still here.
Look, I need to be here
as long as it takes.
Okay, I do, too, then.
That's the thing,
you don't.
You don't.
(sighs)
James,
I'm sorry.
You're not family.
I think you're amazing.
I'm beyond grateful for
everything you've done for me.
But right now, there's just
no room left in my brain
for anything but waiting
for my son to come back
so I can take him home.
And you don't want me
to stick around?
Keep you company?
I'm sorry.
You know you're not
making any sense.
Well, I'm making
sense to me.
(sighs)
If you're trying to get
rid of me, this is not the way.
- I'll call you every day.
- No.
Text, e-mail, carrier pigeon.
Please don't.
I really like you.
Maybe you should stop.
Okay.
I guess I'm going back
to my room to pack.
(utensils clinking)
(traffic noise in distance)
(entrance door closes)
Tyrant S02E09
"Inside Men and Outside Women"
Sync and corrected by
Gianluca Belfiglio
So you haven't heard
anything?
Well, I... I don't even know
if he's made the call yet.
This is ridiculous.
Every hour is precious.
That sandstorm is
going to come and go.
And once it is gone,
we have lost our window.
I need a way to reach out
to Khalil directly.
I know you have
his number.
You need to give it to me.
Gentlemen...
I work at the pleasure
of President Al Fayeed.
If I defy him,
that is an act of treason.
It is not an act of treason
to want to protect
one's country.
No, let... (pats on table)
let me try and find out
if he has connected
with Khalil, hmm?
And as far as you
dealing with him directly...
my advice would be to save
that discussion for another day.
(Halima) Yesterday, you told us
you were talking to the Palace,
hatching a plan to take our
city back from the Caliphate.
So what is the plan?
(others murmuring, repeating the question)
(Barry) I understand
your frustration.
It has been difficult
to get to the right people.
But I have faith,
every faith
that it will all
come together soon.
Okay?
(birds chirping)
Okay. Let's get back
to work.
(murmuring resumes)
(indistinct chattering)
(indistinct chattering continues)
Mr. Al Fayeed.
Sammy is fine.
Let me show you around.
(Sammy sighs heavily)
(footsteps approaching)
(Barry sighs)
(sighs)
Okay, okay.
(Barry breaths deeply)
(sighs)
You called Mom?
Yeah, of course.
I had to.
I needed her
to... (breaths deeply)
to know that you were here,
know you were... safe
and that I'd do everything
I could to keep you safe.
Wow.
Almost sounds
like you care.
(clears throat)
I'll be honest with you.
I don't know where
to be right now.
She sounded
so... scared.
Confused.
Lonely.
She's a mess.
So part of me
wants to
run back to her
and make her feel okay, but...
that's really your job,
isn't it?
I don't know
where you should be either.
I hate that you're here.
It terrifies me,
but... (sniffs)
but I'm also very proud.
Don't be.
It has absolutely nothing
to do with you.
Anything else, or, uh...
are we all caught up now?
(muezzin sounds call to prayer)
That's the call to prayer.
I know what it is.
Join me.
We'll wash and pray.
I'll show you how.
What's up with you
and Mom?
When we were kids,
everybody else was,
you know, celebrating
Easter and Christmas.
We couldn't get you
guys near a church.
Now, all of a sudden,
you two are holy rollers?
Mom I get, you know.
She lost a husband. But you?
Sammy, so much has...
(call to prayer continues)
I'm sorry.
I... I wasn't sure
you heard.
No, I was just, um,
inviting Samuel to join us.
I was just
politely declining.
If you'll excuse me.
(chanting in Arabic)
(phone vibrating)
(phone continues vibrating)
(phone beeps)
Hello?
(Jamal) So...
how is my favorite
counterrevolutionary?
Anxious.
I'm glad you called.
I'd love to get on the phone
with your head of military
and start making
some concrete plans.
Ah. General Said.
Well, I'm not so sure
about him.
I will tell you a secret.
He is my son.
Imagine that.
A child I never knew
I had.
I was so excited.
So proud.
He is a man
of great accomplishments.
Uh, then, um...
then what is it
that's giving you pause?
Well, I went
to see a learned man
about why
God is punishing me.
Wait, you think
that God is punishing you?
Well...
it feels like it.
(water dripping)
(clears throat)
Maybe... Maybe because
I couldn't forgive my brother.
(sighs) And no...
no war can be won
without the help of God.
Mr. President,
as wise as you are,
you cannot presume
to know what God is thinking.
Well, it's not me presuming.
The sheik told me
there is a poison
inside the Palace.
It could be anyone.
(sighs) But you...
I trust.
(wind gusting)
(quietly) I don't understand it myself.
I think you want to go to war or you don't.
But when I look
into your father's eyes,
I don't see either.
There must be something
that we can do.
I don't know.
(birds chirping)
Hafa, you can go
to lunch now.
Okay.
Here's what
we are considering.
Uh, from the information I have,
three nights from now
a sandstorm
is predicted in Ma'an,
which creates great
offensive opportunity for us.
Okay, what's your plan?
We're still figuring it out.
I just wanted to check
whether you
and your people could take out
the antiaircraft battery
at the Caliphate-controlled
army base.
You want us to raid
an army base?
Mr. President,
I have no heavy artillery,
no explosives.
Many of my fighters,
they're very young.
That's a tall order
without professional support.
As I said, we're just
still figuring it out.
Um...
Maybe we... we come up
with a different idea.
Maybe for now,
we don't go to war at all.
What if we just
give it to them?
Give what to who?
Give Ma'an to the Caliphate.
Think about it.
Can we win such a war
at this time?
Maybe we just
let them have it.
Mr. President, you can't just
It's filled with people...
Your people,
people who are counting on you,
counting on us.
I like talking to you, Khalil.
You are very passionate.
You have a good heart.
But let's talk about Ma'an.
It's filled with people,
that's right.
But who are they?
The Rashids?
They have always hated
the Al Fayeeds.
And oil, which I grant you
is today's fuel,
but not tomorrow's.
Let's say it will cost
$1 billion
to wage this war,
then another billion to rebuild
after we beat the Caliphate.
Will we actually have
$2 billion
in value down the line?
I'm not so sure
about that.
Forgive me, Khalil,
I have to go.
No, sir, sir, please.
Just let me sit down
with the general,
with anyone inside
your military.
We have to agree
on a plan.
Time is not on our side.
Now, listen,
I will call again tomorrow.
In the meantime,
please improve upon our plans.
You are a warrior.
I have great confidence
in you.
Sir, I am not a warr...
(line clicks, busy line sound)
You look like your
world's ending.
My world is ending.
My world here, anyway.
Can't decide if it's
a blessing or a curse.
What do you mean?
I'm being banished.
To London.
To Paris.
A city of my choice.
A single woman.
It's my, uh,
in-laws' parting gift
for not being able to produce
someone to carry on the legacy
of this most
extraordinary family.
(Rami scoffs)
What about Ahmed?
What about your husband?
What happens to him?
Ahmed stays here,
nurses his, uh, broken heart
back to health,
and with, uh, luck, finds
a loving, fertile partner.
He's okay with this?
No.
And I'm not helping.
Turns out, he's willing
to give up everything for me.
And it's killing him
that I'm not willing
to give up everything for him.
(Ihab) Where is
the Red Hand Brigade?
Hmm?
Munir,
where do they eat?
Where do they sleep?
Where do they hide?
(footsteps approaching fast)
(bag rustling)
(gasping)
(muffled moaning)
(grunting)
(panting)
So, I asked you a question.
(Munir gasps)
(panting)
(sighing)
(whimpering) I saved your life.
(sniffles) That's all
I was trying to do, brother,
is save your life.
I'm trying to return the favor.
Just tell them what
they need to know
so they can spare
yours, Munir. Come on.
(knocking on door)
(Leila) Not now.
General Said is here.
Tell him the president
is indisposed.
Actually it's you
I'm looking for.
(utensils clink)
(hinges squeaking)
Your father is a man
of great appetites.
(sighs heavily) Sometimes
I need to do what I can
to help him
reign himself in.
Is he sleeping at all?
It's hard to actually
call it sleep.
I put him to bed.
He's not moving.
As long as he doesn't change
color, I'm filled with hope.
2:00 in the afternoon.
Very presidential.
What can I do
for you, General?
I need a phone number for
Khalil of the Red Hand Brigade.
And what makes you think
I would have such a thing?
I'm fairly sure you don't.
But I'm also fairly sure
that you can get it.
(Molly) You know,
I was so shocked
by your call
the other day.
My head was so spinning
with Sammy gone
and being in a place I despise
and suddenly finding out
this man that the whole world
is mourning
and thinks of
as some kind of a saint,
my husband, has been alive
all this time
and didn't have the decency
to let me know.
I forgot to tell you, Barry...
how badly
you've destroyed me,
you've damaged our family (sniffles)
and that you're
a horrible person.
(car engine roars in distance)
Since you called,
I've actually had moments
where I found myself
wishing you  were dead.
Truly dead.
Gone.
You got that?
Yeah, I got it.
(man) Fire!
(gunshot)
(bullet clangs, cuts through air)
(stones clattering)
- (man) Reload.
- You hold the gun like a girl.
Give it to me.
You hold the gun like a boy.
Eh, I hold the gun
like someone who knows
their life depends upon
holding it correctly.
Why are you here?
Weren't you just
going to give money?
You have a problem
with me being here?
No, I just find it
interesting.
This isn't even your home.
I'm from here.
Father was.
And I thought
hating the Caliphate
was the only requirement.
(man) Get set.
(man) Fire!
(gunshot)
(man) Reload!
(laughs)
I know what you're thinking.
How did I make my bullet
go through the exact
- same hole that yours did?
- (man) Into positions.
It's okay to laugh.
Life's already
awful enough.
(man) Weapons ready!
Fire!
(water running)
- (Jamal) Leila.
- (Leila clears throat)
(water stops)
What is it, Jamal?
(sighs)
I had a nightmare.
I was in the ocean.
Uh, I developed a cramp.
I couldn't swim, couldn't keep
my head above water.
And then the tide started
to carry me away.
And you were standing
on the shore, watching.
(sighs) And you wouldn't
jump in to save me.
Just watching, as I was
drawn deeper and deeper
into the ocean.
- That's a ridiculous dream.
- Mmhhh...
- (Jamal exhales deeply)
- You've been drinking too much.
- Too many pills.
- (Jamal sighs heavily)
You left this
in the bathroom.
Mmm.
Look at me.
You see me?
Mmm.
I'm here...
to pull you out
of the ocean.
I will never let you drown.
(sighs)
(phone vibrating)
Hello.
(Rami) Khalil.
This is General Rami Said.
What can I do for you,
General?
I was hoping (sighs)
we could meet this evening,
say, 8:30,
face-to-face.
I've arranged for a private home
five miles outside Ma'an.
I'll send you the address.
(chair rumbles)
(scissors snipping)
Brother, I...
I know you're...
you're cold and hungry.
I... I brought you food
and water.
All you have to do
is walk over to that map
and show us
the location
of the Red Hand
headquarters.
That's it.
But I do not know.
How would I know?
Munir, I beg of you.
I've explained to everyone
that you have made a mistake,
that you were tricked.
Your... Your friends
in the Red Hand,
they were
taking advantage of you.
I have no friends
in the Red Hand.
My only friend
is you, Kasim.
My brother.
(sniffles)
My big brother.
Well, that was touching.
(gun cocks)
I'm going to count to three,
then I'm going to shoot
your brother's nose off.
If you still don't get up,
walk over to that map,
I'm going to blow his ears off.
And if, and if you still
do not move,
I'm going to shoot out
his eyes.
- One.
- (Munir shivering)
(sniffling)
Two.
(chattering)
(man) Me too, please.
What's going on?
There's a rumor Khalil has
a meeting with the military
to make war plans, that the
fight is about to begin.
(pounding on table)
(chanting) The Caliphate,
we will decimate.
(all) The Caliphate,
The Caliphate,
we will decimate.
we will decimate!
(cheering, whooping)
The Caliphate,
we will decimate!
(faster) The Caliphate,
The Caliphate,
we will decimate!
The Caliphate...
I told you you didn't
have to come tonight.
You've been through a lot.
I'm fine. I understand.
If he confessed, it would've...
He was your brother.
He was family.
It couldn't have been easy
for you to watch him die.
(Rami) Excellent.
And we'll send you back
tonight
with enough goggles,
plastic explosives
and munitions to do the job.
Just remember,
should you speak
with the president tomorrow,
none of these conversations
have taken place.
And, please,
act impressed should he call
and share with you
all the particulars we've
gone over with you tonight.
I know
it sounds crazy, but...
I understand.
(gun clicks)
(phone chiming)
(Ru'a) Who is that?
Your girlfriend?
Not quite.
Uh, it's my mother.
Do you have a girlfriend?
Is one required?
- Let me see her picture.
- No...
Nah, there...
there is no picture,
'cause, uh,
there's no her.
Is she prettier than me?
(sighs)
(explosion)
(clattering sound)
(people screaming, crying)
(booming)
(gunfire in distance)
(people shouting)
(muffled shouting)
(shooting)
(ears ringing)
(gunfire)
Hurry!
(shouting, gunfire continues)
(woman screaming)
(fire whooshing)
(gunshots)
(man gasps, body thuds)
(woman sobbing and screaming)
(rocket whistles)
(explosion and clattering)
(shouting orders in local language)
(panting)
(gunfire continues in distance)
Shoot her, Kasim.
Shoot her!
Shoot! Shoot her!
What's wrong with you?
(whimpers) What's wrong?
What's wrong with you, Kasim?
What's wrong?
I beg for
God's forgiveness.
(cocks gun)
(shouting, gunfire continues)
(bullets cut through air)
(rocket whistles)
(booming)
(ruins clattering)
(coughing)
(labored gasping)
(gunfire, explosions continue)
(phone chimes)
Fourteen messages.
What the hell's going on?
(men shouting)
(shouting fades)
(panting softly)
(panting continues)
Is it over?
I don't know.
Sounds like it.
Sh... Should
we move?
Not yet.
Why'd you do that?
Because I got tired of waiting
for you to do it.
Wait here.
(groans softly)
(gunfire, men shouting)
(gasping, whimpering)
What is the problem?
A thousand apologies,
Mr. President,
but, uh, my man, uh...
the one you asked me to
have follow General Said,
he just phoned in.
Apparently,
General Said and Solomon
traveled to the outskirts
of Ma'an this evening.
He is meeting with
an armed group of men.
"Armed group of men"?
Who could that be?
(line ringing)
(Sammy recorded) This is Sam I Am.
Leave a message if you can.
(goats bleating)
(line ringing)
This is Sam I Am.
Leave a message...
(phone beeps)
(line ringing)
This is Sam I Am.
Leave a message if you can.
(goats bleating)
General Said!
We know
where you were.
what you were doing.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
Where was I and
what was I doing?
I ask the questions.
You drove
to the outskirts of Ma'an.
Who did you meet with?
The Caliphate?
No, Mr. President.
I would not and did not
meet with the Caliphate.
Are you intoxicated?
Um...
I'm not intoxicated.
And you are being
insubordinate.
In addition to possibly
being a traitor,
who conspires
against his country.
(Solomon) Actually, no.
He is a patriot trying to
conspire with your allies,
so maybe, just maybe,
you might be able to
hold on to your country.
You  were meeting
with the Red Hand.
Making plans
to retake Ma'an for you.
Day after tomorrow.
Just as we discussed.
(scoffs)
You met with Khalil
after I explicitly
ordered you not to.
You defied me.
Yes, I defied you,
and you should thank me for it,
because this nation
is hanging on by a thread.
And all you can do
is talk about
who ordered what
and who defied who.
For God's sake, you old
drunken fool, stand down.
Let me do my job,
and maybe,
just maybe,
I'll be able to save yours.
"Drunken, old fool."
This is how you call
your president?
This is how you speak
to your father?
I'm sorry, Father.
I seem to have lost your trust
somewhere along the way,
but I swear to you
on the soul of my dead mother
that I am on your side.
I am your blood.
You are the reason
I am here.
Just let me do this for you.
It's going to work.
Just stop thwarting me and...
let me do this.
Fine.
The day after tomorrow.
Rain hell on
the Caliphate.
(clears throat)
Uh...
I want him dead.
Sammy!
Oh, my God. Sammy.
Sammy! Sammy!
(phone vibrating)
Molly.
Oh, my God, Molly!
I don't know where he is!
He called me, Barry.
About 20 minutes ago.
He's hiding
with some other fighters.
He's okay. He's okay.
Cuts, bruises... (sniffles)
in a state of shock,
but he's alive.
Talking about
how he wants to go back.
He wants to...
see it through.
He wants to go back
and fight with you.
(voice breaking) And
to be honest with you,
I don't know what to do.
But I wanted you
to know he's alive.
We're all still alive.
All of us.
And just so you know...
I'm glad you're still alive.
(sighs)
Sync and corrected by
Gianluca Belfiglio